we now hear the China mile GWS Sprint's
the last race of the this competition
and the horse I'm gonna write here is
changing always check your horse before
a race to see the abilities the stuff
let's go to the race
always remember from Turner's always
need to have a perfect start that you
can't have a person perfect start maybe
try to keep those two errors on your
left corner the closest possible so this
filly has a standard problem then when a
racer she are a her stamina suddenly
goes off so that's why I are gonna try
racer here not too close to the rail to
see what what's gonna happen
and always keep their setting
for four longs to do
in the homestretch
come on Julia
I know what you can do it comes number
on I don't like that
well then she will tell me oh that was a
close race
you know that trick of racing upside
down the rail actually works
I finally only work for CalPERS 2006 but
it works alright this is the china cup
the GWS turf less opportunities to a
race on therm the turf series of the
King of Kings for those horses you want
to walk acutely that title handle is
gonna raise his hair Titanic
it's my three or four years old she's a
favorite but some persons say they'll
favorite and ever have arrived you know
other place like seconds she has
indomitable spirit
here we go a nice one that's a great
start
so this Billy risin seems second so
public pull er back
who let the lead horse passing get
something free now I'm gonna try to put
her in that position
here comes number nine
hi for long - the race
so this horse is a bet trait these beers
it's like he stays wild when the
Seminole there is a man examining the
between the bar and the bar Oh
on your left she is she she goes wild
and so when you of course have something
like that
don't try to activate it because it's
really really isn't good let's try to
our best here here is indomitable spirit
mean wins head-to-head with any horse in
the field but it's like extra power it's
not it's just like great the guts the
ability or something like that
here arrived in the first place
Titanic really is a good feeling